hey whats up guys claymores is back
playing ghost so you don't have to and
here i am laying the smackdown on
containment one of the onslaught maps
that I actually like I hated it when it
first came out but I grew to like it's
one of my favorite maps now look at this
a dominating 5 kill streak I got it
going on I love that feeling coming here
for just a second to take some time to
gather my breath and what's gonna happen
next will I get another easy kill when
so and rushes into that door will I get
mauled by a rabid guard dog or will I
fall asleep due to the sheer boredom
that is call of duty ghosts no the
answer is d what it is I was sitting on
someone's feet and I take a bullet to
the back of the head gotta love it
you
so here we are episode 4 of the call of
duty camper countdown you guys seem to
like it and I enjoy doing it so let's
keep it going we're here on containment
keep it in on containment and yep
somebody's in your set up somebody's
camping I could see it right now oh
there he is found a little corner booth
Aztec Rick oh isn't that lovely welcome
to the turd cam Rick the countdown clock
is on I'm on the other side of the map
oh this is not gonna be easy I could
tell that right away a lot of times I
don't like going across this bridge
right here cuz you'll get picked off but
no no I get through but the question is
is Aztec Rick still in this little
corner let's see oh yeah payback body
we're the tea bag I love it let's keep
it on containment where the camping is
good today and you can see at the bottom
of this map this was part of a live
stream I had the other day so seven
lucky viewers got to see me do what I do
best live get the IED there so you know
someone's camping oh goodness in the
shadows on the ground never saw him well
he saw me yep Delta 80 camping it out on
containment look at that shot me right
in the nuts well the clock is on this is
gonna be a quick and dirty one I love
this when this happens see for for the
win I missed them no way let's breach
this door and get back up there quick
quick clay all right surely he's moved
from that location right nope he's there
another easy one eat that tea bag let's
take it over to Bayview another favorite
of mine and you guys'll of this one will
wrap it up here I hear shots fire turned
the corner and there he is I couldn't
react in time what happened got shot in
the face well lookie here Delta 80 back
again making a second appearance on the
turd cam you know a guy's a loser if
he's camping in two sipper mats well the
spawn gods were good right back at him
and
through the pre-fire take care of him
and dip it in his face eat it Delta 80
oh god these guys will never learn and
that's gonna do it for today's camper
countdown hey guys make sure to follow
me on Twitter it's at claymores with a
zero not a no and if you like the video
well let me know when the light in a
comment below thanks so much for
watching